# Music App called Gmusic
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/xDFH9IZA_sg
#### Description:
The idea of my music app is to create an app where creators/artists can create and release it to the website. In order to get a way in which they can get financial backing from their fans. Since there is a lotta competition this day and age in every sector of work , especially in the music industry this is a way in which the creators can sit back and relax and just focus on creating the content as masterfully as possible. This will also give freedom to the creators by making them independent.
The folders in my root file, excluding _pycache_ and flask_session, are in total 2, the static folder and templates folder. Let’s talk about the static folder. In the static folder there are 4 folders , scss, svg file, js file and json file. We will come back to the four folders, I used sass file instead of css for 2 main reasons, for variable/class creation and for browser integration. The js file is where my personal script is written and the json file stores music and titles incase there is database problems along the road, as a backup.
So lets talk about the 4 folders , the img folder contains all the image assets, excluding the profile pictures, used in the project. Next is the music folder, this folder includes all the music uploaded by creators. The third folder is the profile pic, which contains all Profile pictures of users. And finally the last folder is, video which contains the video asset used in the background.
The second folder in my root path is the templates folder. This contains a total of 8 html files. The first html file is index which contains all the code in the home page of the website. The second html file is the layout file which contains the html file which all the others extend from, this contains all links used. The third html file is login file which is the login page. The fourth file is me file which contains basic information about the user. The fifth file is the popular which is popular page which contains all the music uploaded to the webpage. The sixth file is search which has the filtered music searched for by the user in the index/home page. The seventh file is upload which has the code for the way a user can upload a file to the webpage. And the final page is user which links the uploader to me page.
Other than the 2 folders in root file there is the app.py, json file and the database which has three tables. The first table is the users table which records users of the webpage, their password and username and so on, the second one is the upload which record the information about the music and finally the last table is donate which records the donations, the person who donated and the person that got the donation.